Well, you've written about Gerald dreams of sushi. Um, it's just a really clean,
good example that people are aware of, of mastery in the,
in the art of the simple in food. Uh,
what do you make of that kind of obsessive pursuit of perfection? In, in,
in creating simple food.
Sushi is about perfection, but it's a bit like the Beatles white album,
which people think is simple and not overproduced. Yeah. It's in a funny way,
their most overproduced album, but it's produced just perfectly.
It sounds simple.
It's really hard to produce music to the point where it's gonna sound so simple
and not sound like sludge. Like let it be album has some great song,
but a lot of it sounds like sludge one after 9 0 9 that sludge,
I dig a POY eat sludge. Like it's a bit interesting. It's not that good.
It doesn't sound that good white album, like the best half,
like dear prudence sounds perfect. Sounds simple cry, baby cry.
It's not simple back in the USSR super complex.
So sushi's like that. It's because it's so incredibly not simple.
Starting with the rice, you try to refine it to make it appear super simple.
And that's the most complex thing of all.
So do you admire, I mean, we're not talking about days,
weeks, months,
we're talking about years generations of doing this same thing over and over and
over again. Do you admire that kind of sticking to the does that, you know,
we talked about our admiration of the weird, that doesn't feel weird.
That seems like discipline and dedication to like, um, uh,
like a stoic minimalism or.
Something like that. I'm happy they do it, but I actually feel bad about,
I feel they're sacrificial victims to me, which I benefit from,
but don't you ever think like, gee, you're a great master sushi, sushi chef,
wouldn't you be happier if you did something else? Uh,
doesn't seem to happen.
That might be something that a weird mind.
Maybe it is weird people and maybe there really enjoying it,
but like to learn how to pack rice for 10 years before they let you do anything
else. It's like these Indian, you know, ode players,
they just spend five years tapping out rhythms before they're allowed to touch
their instruments. Well.
Actually, to, to defend that it's kinda.
Like graduate school, right? <laugh> well.
Well, I think graduate school, perhaps I, um,
graduate school is full of like every single day is full of surprises.
I would say, uh, I, I did martial arts for a long time.
I do martial arts and I've always loved kind of the Russian way of drilling
is doing the same technique.
I don't know if this applies in intellectual or academic disciplines where you
can do the same thing over and over and over again, thousands and thousands.
And thousands of times,
what I've discovered through that process is you get
to start to appreciate the tiniest of details and find the beauty in them. Uh,
people who go to like monasteries to meditate,
talk about this is when you just sit in silence and don't do anything,
you start to appreciate how much complexity and beauty there is.
And just a movement of a finger.
Like you can spend the whole day joyously thinking about how fun it
is to move a finger. <laugh>. Yeah. And so,
and then you can almost become your full,
weird self about the tiniest details of life.
As a, but then you've gotta wonder like,
is there a free Lunche in there or the rest of us moving around in my.
Yeah, exactly. That's they sure feel like they found a free lunch.
The people meditate they're onto something.
I tend to think it's like artists that some percent of people are like that,
but most are not. And for most of us there's no free lunch.
Like my free lunch is to move around a lot in search of lunch. In fact.
<Laugh> well with all the food talk, it made me hungry.